Task 1: 

After going through and visualizing the data, I found that there are a number of biases found 
within the data, for example the three biggest majors that ordered from the food truck were chemistry,
biology, and astronomy. Namely, out of the top ten mjoars that ordered the most, seven out of ten of them
were STEM majors. However, I found that the most glaring detail about this data was that the only grades
that ordered from the food truck were sophomores and juniors. The three biggest universities by far that
ordered from the truck were from Butler University, Indiana State University, and Ball State University.
I also found it very interesting that all the menu items were equally ordered meaning there wasn't just
one very popular menu item. Lastly, the most pouplar times to order were 12:00 and 1:00 with a normal
bell curve for the other times. The business can use all these different insights to manage their business
differently, for example if they wanted to change their open hours to only be open from 10:00 to 4:00 as
the hours before and after that time interval don't have that many people ordering from the truck. They 
could also only open at the top three or four universities multiple times a week instead of being at different
universities that make less money.

Task 2:

Ethical Implications: The ethical implications of data collection come from how we are obtaining this information.
If our data collection methods involve privacy-invading practices, it can raise some ethical concerns. For data storage,
we have to ensure that the correct measures to protect the user's info and any unauthorized access to our data can lead
to privacy breaches and more importantly ethical issues. Lastly, the data biases and lead to unfair and unethical treatment
of certain people based on their location, age, major, etc. in order to maximize profits.

Business Outcome Implications: If we collect our data in an ethical manner, it can not only improve reputation among
customers, but it can also lead to more data as people tend to share more with companies/people they trust. Protecting our data
from being breached can avoid legal actions along with avoiding potential fines and fees. Lastly, carefully choosing what biases
to use can lead to a more optimized business model with maximixed profits. 

Technical Implications: Proper data collection can be used in a machine learning model to create new insights that are more effective
for analytics. Storing data correctly allows for data integrity and security for technical systems which can lead to a lasting repository
for data. Finally, addressing biases in a technical scope means using preprocessing and algorithm fairness to ensure no people groups are
being treated unfairly

Task 3:

When creating the model, I had a lot of trouble trying to train the model as you need to train it on numerical data, so right now my model
can predict the order soley based on the year due to time constraints. However, given more time I would've one-hot encoded or label encoded
the non-numerical data in order to turn it into numerical data to be scaled and later used to train the model. Using the sklearn 
RandomForestClassifier, which has multiple different decision trees at training time, then outputs the mean prediction of those individual
trees, I then saved that model to a pickle file and created a prediction method along with a predictor class in order to test the data. I
created an example data frame that gives a sample user and from there I print the prediction (which is currently only based on the time).

Task 4:

Some considerations I would make to determine if this was a suitable course of action was what kind of data was present in the data set as 
non-numerical data makes it harder to train the model. However, I do think that it is a good possible course of action as it provides insights
as to what menu item is the best given different categories to which can then lead to maximizing profits. The data doesn't have any biases that
unfairly treat any one people group and data collection and storage happen in an ethically moral way so there isn't really any downside.